# A7: High-level architecture. Privileges. Web resources specification

The architecture of the web application to develop is documented indicating the catalogue of resources and the properties of each resource, including: references to the graphical interfaces, and the format of JSON responses.
This page presents a documentation for Media Library, including the following operations over data: create, read, update, and delete.

## 1. Overview

> Identify and overview the modules that will be part of the application.

## 2. Permissions

> Define the permissions used by each module, necessary to access its data and features.

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>VIS</th>
    <td>Visitor</td>
    <td>Unauthenticated user that can sign-up or login.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>USR</th>
    <td>Authenticated User</td>
    <td>Group of users that can create and contribute to projects.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>PUSR</th>
    <td>Premium Authenticated User</td>
    <td>Group of users that can create and contribute to projects, both private and public.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>MEM</th>
    <td>Project Member</td>
    <td>Group of users that can contribute to projects, creating and solving tasks.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>COO</th>
    <td>Project Coordinator</td>
    <td>Group of users that can manage all project team members and tasks.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>OWN</th>
    <td>Project Owner</td>
    <td>Group of users that has all the project permissions, can delete the project and manage coordinators.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>ADM</th>
    <td>Website Administrator</td>
    <td>Group of users that can manage all users and projects.</td>
  </tr>
</table>

## 3. Modules

> Web resources organized by module
> Document and describe the web resources associated with each module, indicating the URL, HTTP method, request parameters and response.
> Follow the RESTful resource naming
> At the end of this page is presented some usual descriptors to document the web resources.

### 3.1 Module M01: Authentication and Individual Profile

#### Endpoints of Module Authentication and Individual Profile

- R101: Login Modal ```/```
- R102: Login Action ```/``` <!-- TODO -->
- R103: Logout Action ```/``` <!-- TODO -->
- R104: Register Modal ```/``` <!-- TODO -->
- R105: Register Action ```/``` <!-- TODO -->
- R106: View Profile ```/profile```
- R107: Edit Profile Modal ```/profile```
- R108: Edit Profile Action ```/profile``` <!-- TODO -->

#### R101: Login Modal
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>URL</th>
    <td>/</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Description</th>
    <td>Page with a modal to login to a user account.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Method</th>
    <td>  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>UI</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/mpcmarques/lbaw1743/blob/master/artifacts/A3/A3.md#ui05-log-in">UI05</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>SUBMIT</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/mpcmarques/lbaw1743/blob/master/artifacts/A7/A7.md#">R102</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Permissions</th>
    <td>VIS</td>
  </tr>
</table>

#### R102: Login Action

#### R103: Logout Action

#### R104: Register Modal
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>URL</th>
    <td>/</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Description</th>
    <td>Page with a modal to register a new user account.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Method</th>
    <td>  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>UI</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/mpcmarques/lbaw1743/blob/master/artifacts/A3/A3.md#ui06-register">UI06</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>SUBMIT</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/mpcmarques/lbaw1743/blob/master/artifacts/A7/A7.md#">R105</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Permissions</th>
    <td>VIS</td>
  </tr>
</table>

#### R105: Register Action

#### R106: View Profile
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>URL</th>
    <td>/profile</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Description</th>
    <td>Page with the user individual profile information.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Method</th>
    <td>  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Parameters</th>
    <td>  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>UI</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/mpcmarques/lbaw1743/blob/master/artifacts/A3/A3.md#ui19-profile">UI19</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Permissions</th>
    <td>USR</td>
  </tr>
</table>

#### R107: Edit Profile Modal
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>URL</th>
    <td>/</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Description</th>
    <td>Page with a modal to edit individual profile information.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Method</th>
    <td>  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>UI</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/mpcmarques/lbaw1743/blob/master/artifacts/A3/A3.md#ui20-edit-profile">UI20</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>SUBMIT</th>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/mpcmarques/lbaw1743/blob/master/artifacts/A7/A7.md#">R108</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Permissions</th>
    <td>USR</td>
  </tr>
</table>

#### R108: Edit Profile Action


### 3.2 Module 2

## 4. JSON/XML Types

> Document the JSON or XML responses that will be used by the web resources.

## Web resources descriptors <note important>Do not include on the final artefact</note>

  * URL - Resource identifier, following the RESTful resource naming conventions
  * Description - Describe the resource, when it's used and why
  * UI - Reference to the A3 user interface used by the resource
  * SUBMIT - Reference to the actions/requests integrated with the resource
  * Method - HTTP request Method
  * Parameters - Information that is sent through the URL, by a query string or path
  * Request Body - Data associated and transmitted with each request
  * Returns - HTTP code returned from a request
  * Response Body - Data sent from the server, in response to a given request
  * Permissions - Required permissions to access the resource

<!-- ## Revision history

Changes made to the first submission:
1. Item 1
1. Item 2 -->

***

GROUP1743, xx/xx/2018

> Mateus Pedroza Cortes Marques, up201601876@fe.up.pt
> Bernardo Manuel Costa Barbosa, up201503477@fe.up.pt
> João Pedro Teixeira Pereira de Sá, up201506252@fe.up.pt
> Mário Rui Macedo Flores dos Santos, up201503406@fe.up.pt
